Given the last two years, we have seen how this pandemic crisis has shaped
education and school children have no choice other than home studying. While
this is a very good option for parents because they save time during commute
it can be very dangerous for kids: they forget how to interract with each
other and they don't have the same motivation for learning new things.
Moreover, learning from home can create some seriours health issues because
children tend to spend more hours in front of the screens. They can forget when
to take brakes which normally wouldn't happen in a school environment.

Apart from that, learning from home has another major dissadvantage: teachers
can't control what happens during an e-leraning class and some students may
become distracted by sitting in front of the computer and accessing other
web pages.

I think that learning from home can be a strong asset when it's combined with
school education because it can help the student to better memorize the
already discussed concepts. Nevertheless, top students will always be in
advantage by learning from home because they avoid distractions and they can
focus only on what matters. For example, one children can prepare for
Mathematics and Programming olympiad by staying home and attending only
relevant courses.

In conclusion, I will always go for the school study rather than home studying
because it's a model that I grew up with and it seems to work with most of the
students. Teachers can give real-time feedback to students and classes have
another dynamic when they are taught in school. This interaction has a major
impact in the formation process for the people of tomorrow.
